What's good? How many years?
No one dares to challenge my Chen family
Is this someone trying to arm-wrestle with my Chen family?
What are you doing?
Doing business is yes
homeowner
We've lost all eyes and ears in Southtown
What do we do?
I remember there was a Fang family in Nancheng
Always been good to me Chen family
They couldn't find Mrs. Desser's illness either
Donors are what they do
Contact Fang's immediately. Yes.
Yunyan, I'm back.
You're going to be okay.
You've got to hold on.
Brother, how is my throat?
Don't worry, it will take a while.
He's alright bro
Sorry.
I shouldn't have raised me against you yesterday
Wait for the past
Let's go get the tickets for Mom and Dad